Are you receiving this?  Pathspace Test Subject K, are you receiving this? 
#This is the director of the Pathspace Defense Experiment.  Subject K, we have noticed your efforts, and we are grateful.  Even though we can't hear from you directly, we watched the battle.  A thousand Bavakh ships entered phasewarp, bound for our planet--none came out.
#For your victory, we award you the Legion of Honor First Class, and we declare the third day of every month "Path Defender Day".  Unfortunately, we do not yet have the technology to return you to your physical body, which is being kept in stasis while your consciousness is in pathspace.  Rest assured that all efforts are being made to return you to Dukis, your home. 
#A communication has also come from your wife.  Although the military cannot allow civilians to contact you directly, she gives you her regards.
#Thank you, Subject K.  Stay tuned for further communications.  In the meantime, please try out the Raberata training grounds.  We'll contact you when we need you.
#--         Director S, Pathspace Defense Experiment

Your world burned today.  The planet-killer scoured the atmosphere; radiation is poisoning the crops of whatever feeble few may have survived in underground shelters like rats.  Ducrosh died in the attempt, of course—but it is better this way.  The Bavakh will never be a threat again.  And neither will you, "great ghost": you have no world left to defend.  The Great Theocracy of Oss is the mightiest force in the universe.  Pul Wat Aa, The All-Powerful, is the mightiest architect of peace that this galaxy has ever known.
#But your body is gone, great ghost--why do I still sense your presence?
#Why are you still alive?

No--it is impossible.  This can not be true--
#Neither of us have a body--do  we, newcomer?  We gave up our bodies when we entered--this place.  The bodiless, immortal place--
#And we will be here forever, won't we--unless we end it, voluntarily--unless we go silent, forever--
#I am--tired, newcomer--I--do not think that I can continue--
#Goodbye--

You--you destroyed the Panopticon--you destroyed all of them--
#I--I wouldn't presume to judge you--of course--you're my hero--you're a hero to every Bavakh living today--
#But did you have to kill--all of them?  We could have won without killing--all of them--

I--I can't understand it--
#We--we'll respect your wishes.  We'll leave this sector alone.  We'll mark it on all the star charts--your domain, mur--Great Star.  Your domain, never to be entered.
#But why?  The sensors can't be lying to us--we've checked all of the instruments--we've analyzed every motive you could possibly have--
#Why are you protecting a totally lifeless world?

Epilogue 6

Epilogue 7
